.TH SMUVIEW 1 "Januray 6, 2021"
.SH "NAME"
SmuView \- Qt-based source measure unit GUI for sigrok
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B smuview \fR[\fBOPTIONS\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B SmuView
is a cross-platform Qt-based GUI for the
.B sigrok
software suite for test and measurement equipment such as power supplies,
electronic loads, multimeters and more.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.B SmuView
has very few command line options, as most configuration elements are
available from the GUI itself.
.TP
.BR "\-l, \-\-loglevel " <level>
Set the libsigrok loglevel. The higher the number, the more debug output will
be printed. Valid loglevels are:
.sp
\fB0\fP   None
.br
\fB1\fP   Error
.br
\fB2\fP   Warnings
.br
\fB3\fP   Informational
.br
\fB4\fP   Debug
.br
\fB5\fP   Spew
.TP
.B "\-h, \-?, \-\-help"
Show a help text and exit.
.TP
.B "\-V, \-\-version"
Show version information and exit.
.TP
.BR "\-d, \-\-driver " <drivername>
Specify the capture device to connect to.
.TP
.BR "\-D, \-\-dont\-scan "
Usually SmuView automatically scans all drivers to find suitable
devices during program startup. This option disables the auto-scan.
.TP
.B "\-c, \-\-clean"
Don't restore previous settings (like views, position and size) on startup.
.TP
.B \-\-driver
Users can either specify the
option to pick a device at startup, or interactively scan for devices
after SmuView has finished starting up.
.TP
.BR "\-s, \-\-script " <path_to_smuscript>
Specify the SmuScript to load and execute.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.B SmuView
exits with 0 on success, 1 on most failures.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBsigrok\-cli\fP(1)
.SH "BUGS"
Please report any bugs via Github
.RB "(" https://github.com/knarfS/smuview/issues ")"
or on the sigrok\-devel mailing list
.RB "(" sigrok\-devel@lists.souceforge.net ")."
.SH "LICENSE"
.B SmuView
is covered by the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 3 or later.
.SH "AUTHORS"
Please see the individual source code files.
.PP
This manual page was written by Frank Stettner <frank\-stettner@gmx.net>.
It is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL (version 3 or later).
